h1. rah_link_search

p. Extends "Textpattern's":http://textpattern.com search to links.

h2. List of features

* Search results are customizable with Textpattern's link forms.
* A simple tag, @<txp:rah_link_search />@. The tag shows search results.
* The search works with the standard core @?q@ HTTP GET search. Core conditionals and forms can work too, including @<txp:if_search />@.

h2. Requirements

* Textpattern "r3586":http://code.google.com/p/textpattern/source/detail?r=3586 (i.e. 4.5.0).

h2. Installation and usage

p. The general behavior stands: paste plugin code to the plugin installer textarea and run the automatic setup. When done, just activate the plugin and you are ready to use the new tag, @<txp:rah_link_search />@.

p. You can now use @<txp:rah_link_search />@ to display links on your search results page. It works same as @<txp:article />@ would.

h2. The tag and attributes

p. The tag is @<txp:rah_link_search />@. It has the same attributes as @<txp:linklist />@ tag (and one additional). See "linklist":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=linklist for the list of attributes. In addition to, the tag has one extra attribute, @grand_total@:

p. *grand_total*
Omit setting result count. If the attribute is set to @"0"@ (zero), "search_result_count":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=search_result_count won't be updated with the number of results. This attribute could be helpful if rah_link_search is used in conjunction with "article":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=article tags, as article tags won't update the count once it's already set.
Default: @grand_total="1"@ Example: @"0"@.

h2. Examples

h3. Simple usage

p. Outputs list of search results (if any) and a search form.

bc. <txp:search_input />
<txp:rah_link_search />

h3. Using as a container tag

bc. <txp:rah_link_search>
	<h3><txp:link /></h3>
	<p><txp:link_description /></p>
</txp:rah_link_search>

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.5 - upcoming (when TXP v4.5.0 launches)

* Now supports all features core's "linklist":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=linklist has.
* Now requires "r3586":http://code.google.com/p/textpattern/source/detail?r=3586 or newer.

h3. Version 0.4 - 2012/01/29

* Word mathcing is now identical with "rah_file_search":http://rahforum.biz/plugins/rah_file_search. Entries are matched for all searched words, not for any.
* In a container mode empty string is accepted as a wrapped content. Form isn't fetched even when nothing is wrapped, as long as the tag is used as a container.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2011/03/24

* Searches are case-insensitive.
* Searches can match multiple words.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2011/02/24

* Added new attributes: @grand_total@, @wraptag@, @class@ and @break@.
* Changed the matching syntax.
* Fixed query escaping.
* Now requires Textpattern version 4.3.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2009/03/25

* Initial release.